Multi: Updates to SageMaker workflow READMEs and metadata (#5389)
awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples: workflows/sagemaker_pipelines/SPECIFICATION.md

```

_General info for Hello Service example snippets:_
This section of the workflow should be a streamlined, simple example with enough detail to be as close to “copy/paste” runnable as possible. This example may include namespaces and other setup in order to focus on getting the user up and running with the new service.

### README

This is a workflow scenario. As such, the READMEs should be standardized.
This is the [.NET reference README](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/dotnetv3/SageMaker/Scenarios/README.md). When a language implementation is completed, update the [parent README](README.md) to include the new language SDK.

## Troubleshooting
- You may want to view your pipeline in SageMaker studio, which will require a Domain
This will provide better debugging for the pipeline execution steps. You can use a default Domain or create a custom Domain.
- Cloudwatch logs will be your friend. SageMaker studio should link each step to relevant logs.
- When testing your Lambda function, you may find it useful to log out the function input. Serialization differences between languages (capitalization, nulls) can cause the function to fail.

> - When pipelines are failing, don't delete the queue until the pipeline execution has stopped.

Reviewer: Can we add a note about callbacks never resolving until `SendPipelineExecutionStepSuccess` or `SendPipelineExecutionStepFailure` are called. There's a risk of having to reach out to support if these aren't called.

Author: Added.

## Architecture
This workflow uses a pre-defined SageMaker pipeline to execute a geospatial job in SageMaker. The pipeline uses [Pipeline steps](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/build-and-manage-steps.html) to define the actions and relationships of the pipeline operations. The pipeline in this example includes an [AWS Lambda step](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/build-and-manage-steps.html#step-type-lambda)
and a [callback step](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/build-and-manage-steps.html#step-type-callback).
Both steps are processed by the same example Lambda function.

The Lambda function handler should be written as part of the example, with the following functionality:
- Starts a [SageMaker Vector Enrichment Job](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/geospatial-vej.html) with the provided job configuration.
- Processes Amazon SQS queue messages from the SageMaker pipeline.
- Starts the export function with the provided export configuration.
- Completes the pipeline when the export is complete.

This diagram represents the relationships between key components.
![relational diagram](resources/workflow.png)

> AWS SageMaker is a managed machine learning service. Developers can build and train machine learning models and deploy them into a production-ready hosted environment. This example focuses on the pipeline capabilities rather than the model training and building capabilities, since those are more likely to be useful to an SDK developer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Amazon SageMaker is a managed machine learning service. Developers can build and train machine learning models and deploy them into a production-ready hosted environment. This example focuses on the pipeline capabilities rather than the model training and building capabilities, since those are more likely to be useful to an SDK developer.
```

> The example uses a Geospatial job because it allows for a fast processing time, and is simple to verify that the pipeline did execute correctly. It is expected that the user would replace this job with processing steps of their own, but be able to use the SDK pipeline operations for creating or updating a pipeline, handling callback and execution steps in an AWS Lambda function, and using pipeline parameters to set up input and output.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example uses a geospatial job because it allows for a fast processing time, and it's simple to verify that the pipeline executed correctly. We expect that the user would replace this job with processing steps of their own, but be able to use the SDK pipeline operations for creating or updating a pipeline, handling callback and execution steps in an AWS Lambda function, and using pipeline parameters to set up input and output.
```

> The Geospatial job itself is a Vector Enrichment Job (VEJ) that reverse geocodes a set of coordinates. Other job types are much slower to complete, and this job type has an easy-to-read output. Note that you should use **us-west-2 region** to use this job type. This particular job type is powered by Amazon Location Service, although you will not need to call that service directly. You can read more [about geospatial capabilities here].(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/geospatial.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The geospatial job itself is a Vector Enrichment Job (VEJ) that reverse geocodes a set of coordinates. Other job types are much slower to complete, and this job type has an easy-to-read output. Note that you should use **us-west-2 region** to use this job type. This particular job type is powered by Amazon Location Service, although you will not need to call that service directly. You can read more [about geospatial capabilities here].(https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/geospatial.html).
```

> The AWS Lambda function handles the callback and the parameter-based queue messages from the pipeline. This example includes writing this Lambda function and deploying it as part of the pipeline, as well as connecting it to the SQS queue that is used by the pipeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The AWS Lambda function handles the callback and the parameter-based queue messages from the pipeline. This example includes writing this Lambda function and deploying it as part of the pipeline, and also connecting it to the SQS queue that is used by the pipeline.
```

There are multiple ways to handle pipeline operations, but in the interest of consistency, the C# implementation is based on [this pipeline example reference](https://github.com/aws/amazon-sagemaker-examples/blob/main/sagemaker-geospatial/geospatial-pipeline/assets/eoj_pipeline_lambda.py). This logic checks for the existence of parameters in the message to determine which type of processing to start. Other languages do not need to mimic the exact logic shown here, that functionality is left up to the language developer.

> The pipeline in this example is defined through a [JSON file](resources/GeoSpatialPipeline.json). Each language may wish to name the steps and parameters in a way that makes sense for their implementation, but you can use the file here as a guide.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The pipeline in this example is defined through a [JSON file](resources/GeoSpatialPipeline.json). Each language might want to name the steps and parameters in a way that makes sense for their implementation, but you can use the file here as a guide.
```

## Common resources
This example has a set of common resources that are stored in the [resources](resources) folder.
- GeoSpatialPipeline.json defines the pipeline steps and parameters for the SageMaker pipeline. 
- latlongtest.csv is a sample set of coordinates for geocoding.
- pipeline.png is a pipeline image to use in language-specific READMEs.
- workflow.png is a workflow image to use in language-specific READMEs.

## Metadata
Service actions can either be pulled out as individual functions or can be incorporated into the scenario, but each service action must be included as an excerpt.

> ### SageMaker Actions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### SageMaker actions
```

1. Create a pipeline using the SDK with the following characteristics. If the pipeline already exists, use an Update call to update it. You can use the JSON referenced here as a guide for the pipeline definition. `sagemakerClient UpdatePipeline, CreatePipeline`
   1. Pipeline parameters for the job, input, and export steps.
   1. A Lambda processing step: a Lambda that kicks off a vector enrichment job that takes in a set of coordinates for reverse geocode.
   1. A callback step to check the progress of the processing job.
   1. An export step for the results of the VEJ.
   1. A callback step to finish the pipeline.
1. Execute the pipeline using the SDK with some input and poll for the execution status. `sagemakerClient StartPipelineExecution, DescribePipelineExecution`
1. When the execution is complete, fetch the latest output file and display some of the output data to the user. `s3client ListObjects, GetObject`
1. Provide instructions for optionally viewing the pipeline and executions in SageMaker Studio.
1. Clean up the pipeline and resources – the user gets to decide if they want to clean these up or not.

>    1. Clean up pipeline DeletePipeline
>    1. Clean up the queue DeleteQueue
>    1. Clean up the bucket DeleteObjects, DeleteBucket

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   1. Clean up pipeline. DeletePipeline
   1. Clean up the queue. DeleteQueue
   1. Clean up the bucket. DeleteObjects, DeleteBucket
```

   1. Clean up the Lambda. DeleteFunction
   1. Clean up the pipeline. DeletePipeline

### Sample output

```
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Welcome to the Amazon SageMaker pipeline example scenario.

This example workflow will guide you through setting up and executing a

> AWS SageMaker pipeline. The pipeline uses an AWS Lambda function and an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Amazon SageMaker pipeline. The pipeline uses an AWS Lambda function and an
```

> AWS SQS Queue, and runs a vector enrichment reverse geocode job to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Amazon SQS queue, and runs a vector enrichment reverse geocode job to
```

        ",991,USA,"959-1069 E Northern Lights Blvd, Anchorage, AK, 99508, USA",Anchorage,Rogers Park,99508,Alaska,Valid Data
        -149.8379726,"61.13751355
        ",2372,USA,"2276-2398 Abbott Rd, Anchorage, AK, 99507, USA",Anchorage,,99507,Alaska,Valid Data
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The pipeline has completed. To view the pipeline and executions in SageMaker Studio, follow these instructions:
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/pipelines-studio.html
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Finally, let's clean up our resources.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Clean up resources.
        Delete pipeline sagemaker-sdk-example-pipeline? (y/n)
y
        Delete queue https://sqs.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/565846806325/sagemaker-sdk-example-queue-rlhagerm? (y/n)
y

>         Delete Amazon S3 bucket sagemaker-sdk-test-bucket-rlhagerm2? (y/n)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        Delete S3 bucket sagemaker-sdk-test-bucket-rlhagerm2? (y/n)
```

Initialize the client and call ListNotebookInstances to list up to 5 of the account's notebook instances. If no instances are found, you can direct the user to instructions on how to add one.

Sample output:

```
Hello Amazon SageMaker! Let's list some of your notebook instances:
    Instance: test-notebook
    Arn: arn:aws:sagemaker:us-west-2:123456789:notebook-instance/test-notebook
    Creation Date: 6/7/2023
```

_General info for Hello Service example snippets:_
This section of the workflow should be a streamlined, simple example with enough detail to be as close to “copy/paste” runnable as possible. This example may include namespaces and other setup in order to focus on getting the user up and running with the new service.

### README

This is a workflow scenario. As such, the READMEs should be standardized.
This is the [.NET reference README](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/dotnetv3/SageMaker/Scenarios/README.md). When a language implementation is completed, update the [parent README](README.md) to include the new language SDK.

## Troubleshooting

> - You may want to view your pipeline in SageMaker studio, which will require a Domain

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You might want to view your pipeline in SageMaker studio, which will require a domain.
```

> This will provide better debugging for the pipeline execution steps. You can use a default Domain or create a custom Domain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will provide better debugging for the pipeline execution steps. You can use a default domain or create a custom domain.
```

> - Cloudwatch logs will be your friend. SageMaker studio should link each step to relevant logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Amazon CloudWatch Logs will help you with this task. SageMaker studio should link each step to relevant logs.
```

> - When testing your Lambda function, you may find it useful to log out the function input. Serialization differences between languages (capitalization, nulls) can cause the function to fail.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When testing your Lambda function, you might find it useful to log out the function input. Serialization differences between languages (capitalization, nulls) can cause the function to fail.
```

- When pipelines are failing, don't delete the queue until the pipeline execution has stopped.
- Pipelines can only be deleted through the SDK.

> - See the [.NET implementation](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/dotnetv3/SageMaker) for an example. You may find it useful to begin with the .NET Lambda and get the rest of the workflow working, then work on the language-specific Lambda function handler.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- For an example, see the [.NET implementation](https://github.com/awsdocs/aws-doc-sdk-examples/tree/main/dotnetv3/SageMaker). You might find it useful to begin with the .NET Lambda and get the rest of the workflow working, then work on the language-specific Lambda function handler.
```

> - Geospatial jobs are supported in `region us-west-2`. All operations should use this region unless otherwise specified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Geospatial jobs are supported in `region us-west-2`. All operations should use this Region unless otherwise specified.
```
